# 2024-11-07, Thursday, 10:38 AM

Ok so the absolute minimal, single-user-but-production-ish, version is live!!!!

The final touches were:

1. cleaned up the code a bit
2. added some slightly better logging (middleware + slog),
3. added ca-certificates to Dockerfile (otherwise you can't make https requests!)
4. added some environment config scripts to publish.sh/deploy.sh

And everything seems to work just fine in dev and in prod!

The very next thing I think I'll need to do is really zoom in on the websocket stream/flow. In particular I need to figure out error handling and (potentially) recovery. I'm definitely 100% going to be using the service, so I think I'll organically run into issues and learn what needs to happen next.

Beyond using the service myself and working through the initial kinks, the next two things are:

1. Adding programmatic access to the audio files. I'm not 100% sure where I want the API to land. On the one hand, I really like the idea of generic programmatic access where the kaizer service is literally just a pipe from a phone call to whatever you want. On the other hand, it would probably be good to add whatever the most in-demand features are. So, what's the balance? If it's just a super thin wrapper around Twilio, is there really a value add there? (My hunch says yes, FWIW).

2. Adding multi-user support and subscriptions. Again, I'm not 100% sure what I want to do here in terms of features.

A few more notes on why a Twilio wrapper might actually be a value add:

Basically I don't care at all about phone calls, phone numbers. It just so happens that a phone call is the dead-simplest way to get access to an audio stream. Audio streams are all of a sudden, because of large language models, **PROGRAMMABLE**, and super easy access to audio streams on the UI side and on the API side could be super useful. I guess we'll see.
