# 2024-11-04, Monday, 10:00 AM

In my last session, the next steps were:

1. Make sure redeploys happen automatically on `git push`.
2. Make sure the build system is picking up the config in `apprunner.yaml`
3. Upgrade the `hello, world` to the Twilio Voice version of `hello, world`.

I implemented (3) and took it a few steps further. At the moment, when you call
my Twilio number, here's what happens:

1. Twilio calls our webhook endpoint
2. Our webhook responds with instructions to create a websocket at a certain URL.
3. Twilio calls our websocket endpoint and streams the caller's audio over the websocket.

The very next steps are something like:

1. Figure out a way to test the audio stream (e.g. write it to a playable file)
2. Stream the audio to an S3 bucket
3. Figure out what the MVP looks like. For example, what are the minimal queues to the user (the caller). Do we need to say "stream started, stream stopped", etc. Does the MVP need to include provisions for sketchy connections? Etc.

I think in between 2 and 3 I'm actually going to go back to (1, 2) from my
previous session. Generally speaking, my immediate goal is to have something
that basically just works for user #1 (ME!).

# 2024-11-04, Monday, 12:00 PM

So I'm working on the audio processing. I don't really know a single thing about
audio processing, and the go packages I've found are pretty light on
documentation, and I'm having some difficulty. The code I've written "seems to
work" in that some data payloads come in from the web socket, I decode/encode
them and write them to a wav file. I can even play the wav file using `afplay`.
But, alas, all I hear is silence. It's one of these situations where I'm
teetering atop more layers of domain/abstraction than I'm comfortable with, so I
don't really know what to do when things break. So one thing that usually works
well is to take a step back and just do some reading (docs, wiki, etc) without
writing any code. Another option is to wrap a pipeline that I'm pretty confident
works (i.e. use `ffmpeg-go`). I think what I'm going to do is this:

1. Forget about encoding/decoding wav, just write the mulaw data to a file, then
use `ffmpeg` to try to play the mulaw. Come to think of it, I probably don't
even need the wav file at this point. If the mulaw data is such that can be
handled by tools, why am I even doing any encoding?