# 2024-11-05, Tuesday, 08:30 AM

I was able to save the Twilio mulaw stream and then play it back. The audio is
not great but I'm not super worried about that yet. The next step is to get the audio into cloud storage, BUT WAIT:

_So the AWS golang SDK requires version go 1.2, but the AWS AppRunner platform only supports up to 1.18. You can't use the AWS go SDK with AWS AppRunner 🤷‍♂️._

So I have a decision to make: use a different platform (like EC2 or ECS) or use
the S3 HTTP API directly. I was already a little bit skeptical about the
useability of AppRunner, so I'm leaning towards using a different service.

Edit: So I think I'm going to try AWS Lightsail. I've never used it before, and
it looks kind of expensive (something like $100/month for compute, object
storage, database, reverse proxy, and traffic). I don't feel great about it, but
one of the goals for this project is to go whole-hog on AWS, so it's kind of
perfect.

# 2024-11-05, Tuesday, 12:45 PM

Ok so I just spent the last few hours working on a bunch of AWS-specific and deployment things. I added a Dockerfile, docker-compose, some environment variables, etc. I created an ECR registry, a Lightsail VPS, an S3 bucket, a load balancer, attached the load balancer to the instance, created a cert, attached the cert to the load balancer, changed some port numbers, all that basic stuff.

What I'm doing right this second:

1. Give the app access to the lightsail bucket.
2. Stream the Twilio data into an object in the bucket.

Right now all the pieces are in place, in both the infra and the source code, but they're not wired together properly and/or implemented correctly, so I just need to tweak some knobs until everything is pointed in the right direction and actually working.

A couple things I need to do as soon as (1-2) are working:

1. Configure a zero-hassle knob for Twilio+dev and Twilio+prod
2. Implement logging
3. Figure out authentication (can my phone number be spoofed?)
4. Write a GitHub action for auto-redeploy.
5. Clean up the code (just a bit)
6. Write a README