# 2024-11-06, Wednesday, 08:00 AM

My current solution for prod/dev + Twilio is to have 2 Twilio numbers, one for
each env. The prod number is configured with the production webhook, the dev
number is configured with the dev webhook. The dev webhook is a stable public
dns name I got from ngrok, which is super convenient!

The s3 upload config and code is also working, but it's not ready for prod/dev. 

The very next step is to solve logging and auth.

# 2024-11-06, Wednesday, 10:24 AM

So I decided to go with Amazon CloudWatch for logging. It seems like a decent
idea plus it aligns with the "whatever is the most AWS-specific solution is the
one I pick" constraint for this project. One nice thing is that it took 0 code
changes. I'll need to updated some code to make the log messages better, but for
now it's nice. The process was basically:

1. install the cloudwatch agent
2. add cloudwatch-specific credentials to the lightsail instance
3. configure cloudwatch to use the credentials and to tail the docker logs
directory

There was a bunch of back-and-forth fiddling to get it working, but it seems to
be working. My two biggest concerns at the moment are:

1. The whole thing was implemented manually via ssh and vi, directly on the
lightsail instance. So it's not exactly a repeatable process. The agent config
is on the machine and the credentials are on the machine, there's a new IAM
user, etc.
2. I need to set up alerting for when the logs agent itself goes down.

Next steps:

1. auth

2. Cleanup (not so much code but user and ops flows)

3. README

And then:

1. testing
2. CI

And maybe:

1. multi-user, payment, sign-up page

# 2024-11-06, Wednesday, 12:29 PM

So there's a few different aspects to Twilio auth. There's HTTP basic auth that you can force Twilio to use, there's a signature header Twillio always includes in requests, and there's the callers' phone numbers. I'm going to implement all of them because they're all super easy and the downside of getting it wrong is high.

I already implemented phone number auth. Right now there's just one user, me, that I can put in the environment. Twilio user and Twilio password can also both be auth, which will be super duper simple to do next. After that, I have to validate the Twilio signature. This should be dead simple, it's basically just "construct a string from the request in this way, validate it matches the header". The only thing that's going to be a pain is that it's not 100% obvious how to construct the string, and the documentation is _lacking_. No problem though, I'm just going to have to fiddle until it works, which is fine for signatures because it can't work without being incorrect (well, essentially).
   
Anyways, so this is the next thing for me to do, the signature validation. Then I'll move on with everything else on the list above.